Welcome, in this video, we're going to move an existing repository
from my personal space into the new organization we just created.
I'm currently logged into GitHub and, although I'm logged in as my individual user,
I'm on the "my-organization-example" profile page.
At the moment, we don't have any repositories, and while I could create a new one here,
what I want to do is actually transfer an existing repository
into my organization and then fork it back to my individual user.
To get stated, I'm going to return to the newsfeed page by clicking on the octocat icon.
Since I'm currently logged into the organization,
I need to switch to my individual user account.
Once there, select the repository that we wish to transfer.
I'm going to pick on the repository named "website".
Right now, this website repository is associated with my user account.
In order to transfer this to somewhere else, I need to go down to settings,
and on the main settings page, I'm going to scroll all the way down
until you find the "Danger Zone" area.
One of the items will be transfer ownership. Click on "Transfer".
Type the name of the repository that we're going to be transferring,
and GitHub really does this to ensure that we really mean
to transfer the repository, since it has some downstream effects.
I'm going to type the name website, and then the new owners GitHub name
or organization name: "my-organization-example".
Now, click on the button that says "I understand, transfer this repository".
As a confirmation, GitHub will prompt you for your user's password;
supply your password and click "Confirm password".
Once you've done that, you should receive a banner message at the top
saying that you have successfully moved your repository
to the organization that you provided.
In my case, it specifics "my-organization-example".
It also warns me this may take a few minutes,
although in all actuality this shouldn't take too terribly long. We can x out of that notice,
and then switch over to the "my-organization-example" organization.
Back on the my organization's newsfeed page, we see that we now have
the "website" repository associated with this organization.